Salesforce	
	Designed for users who require full access to standard CRM and Salesforce AppExchange apps. 
	Users with this user license are entitled to access any standard or custom app.
	Each license provides additional storage for Enterprise, Unlimited, and Performance Edition users.
	Available in - All editions

Knowledge Only User	
	Designed for users who only need access to the Salesforce Knowledge app. 
	This license provides access to custom objects, custom tabs, and the following standard tabs.
	Available in - Enterprise, Unlimited, and Performance Editions
	
Salesforce Platform	
	Designed for users who need access to custom apps but not to standard CRM functionality. 
	Users with this user license are entitled to use custom apps developed in your organization or installed from Salesforce AppExchange. 
	In addition, they are entitled to use core platform functionality such as accounts, contacts, reports, dashboards, documents, and custom tabs. 
	These users are not entitled to some user permissions and standard apps, including report subscriptions and standard tabs and 
	objects such as forecasts, leads, campaigns, and opportunities. 
	Available in - Enterprise, Unlimited, Performance, and Developer Editions
	
Chatter
	The Chatter Only license is available for purchase only by existing Chatter Plus customers. 
	For new customers, the Lightning Platform Starter license is a step up from Chatter Only, 
	giving your users access to a more robust set of features.
	
Chatter Free
	The Chatter Free license is for users who don’t have Salesforce licenses but must have access to Chatter. 
	These users can access standard Chatter items such as people, profiles, groups, and files, but they can’t access any Salesforce objects or data. 
	Chatter Free users can also be Chatter moderators.
	Chatter Free users don’t see tabs like other Salesforce users. 
	Chatter Free users access feeds, people, groups, and files using the App Launcher in Lightning Experience. 
	In Salesforce Classic, users access these features from links in the page sidebar.
	Salesforce administrators can upgrade a Chatter Free license to a standard Salesforce or Lightning Platform Starter license at any time. 
	You can’t convert a standard Salesforce, Lightning Platform Starter, or Chatter Only license to a Chatter Free license.

Marketing
	The 'Marketing User' feature allows a user to manage Campaigns. 
	Campaigns is an object used in Salesforce to track a marketing process, both for existing and prospect clients. 
	It is pretty standard; will relate a lead or a contact (and possibly an opportunity) with a specific campaign.